docs(pr): retarget PR template for agent-authored, Linear-driven PRs (#8620)
formbricks/formbricks: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!-- PR title must follow Conventional Commits: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary -->

Author: addressed.

> <!-- PR title must follow Conventional Commits: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary -->

Author: Verified — skipping this finding. Here's why:

MD041 is not enforced anywhere in this repo. There's no .markdownlint* config, no markdownlint/remark/mdlint reference in package.json or any config, and no .github/workflows job that lints Markdown. The rule the finding is trying to satisfy isn't active, so there's no lint failure to fix.
The change would cause a real regression. A PR template's content is the PR body. Adding # Pull request as the first line would inject a large, unwanted H1 heading into the top of every rendered pull request description — worse than the non-issue it addresses. GitHub PR templates intentionally omit a top-level heading for exactly this reason.
Not introduced by my change. The original template already started with an HTML comment and used ## What does this PR do? (H2) as its first heading — so MD041 would have "flagged" it before this PR too. My rework didn't change that posture.

<!-- PR title must follow Conventional Commits: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary -->

<!-- AI agents: do not add promotional footers or advertise yourself or any other tool/service (e.g. "Generated by ...") in this PR. -->

## What & why

<!-- What changed and why, grounded in the actual diff (not commit titles). Lead with the
problem, then the solution. Keep it tight — a reviewer should get the change without opening files. -->

## Linear ticket

<!-- Most PRs implement a Linear ticket — paste its full URL
(e.g. https://linear.app/formbricks/issue/ENG-1234/...) so it auto-links. No ticket? Say why.
Closing a GitHub issue instead? Add "Fixes #123". -->

## How this was tested

<!-- REQUIRED. What you ACTUALLY did to verify this change — past tense, real results, not "how one
could test it". Include: automated tests run and their result (e.g. `pnpm test` ✅), tests you
added/updated, and any manual verification with its outcome. If something couldn't be tested, say why. -->

-

<!-- REQUIRED for any visual/UI change: attach before/after screenshots or a screen recording
(Loom / .gif / .mov). A UI PR without visual proof will be sent back. -->

## QA / Test Plan

> 
> <!--
> Source of truth for release QA — the QA checklist is built from this, so write it for a tester who
> doesn't know the code. Describe the PR's ACTUAL behavior click-by-click. Omit a subsection only when
> it genuinely does not apply. Flag any inferred specifics (thresholds, rate limits, timeouts) for
> human verification.
> -->

Reviewer: The QA section still doesn't say *who* reads it or ban automated-test steps — that's why agents drop `pnpm test`/`grep` here (see #8622's QA plan). Naming the persona ("no CLI access") + an explicit exclusion fixes it. Automated-test evidence already has a home: **How this was tested**.

````suggestion
<!--
Source of truth for release QA — the QA checklist is built from this. Audience: a manual QA
tester with NO repo or CLI access, interacting only with the running app (UI) or the live API
(HTTP client). Write every step as an observable action → expected result. Do NOT put automated
verification here — no `pnpm test`/unit/integration runs, no `grep`/`rg` sweeps, no `pnpm build`,
no source-code references; CI covers those and QA cannot run them (that evidence belongs in "How
this was tested"). Describe the PR's ACTUAL behavior click-by-click. Omit a subsection only when
it genuinely does not apply. Flag any inferred specifics (thresholds, rate limits, timeouts) for
human verification.
-->
````

Author: Done in 753a8a9. The QA / Test Plan comment now names the audience (a manual tester with no repo/CLI access, UI/API only) and explicitly excludes automated verification (`pnpm test`, `grep`, `pnpm build`, code references), pointing that evidence to **How this was tested**. Kept it a touch tighter than the suggestion for conciseness, same intent.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
